we're uh we're heading out to the Snoopy
rock classic it's our first night on the
road sounds sounds going down we're
hoping to get in a couple minutes here
before before dark go a long ways let's
give me ended at we're teamed I eat
charters okay this is our third yawn
sleepy rock classic it's a contact sport
game floating rum bar I guess bar girls
we're gonna kick ass Detroit doubt it
and beat pose I you throw on the helmets
elbow pads face guards and we can
diminutive hatchery steelhead on still
your eyes i'm steve AKA stamp
efficiently is Iran classic 2009 don't
expect to catch me today
the bug shield and I got a couple
buddies in my bones possibly one of my
finer moments that's what we drink and
force base myself properly ferroportin
height my guts out of stock
we gotta hand it to Steve though after a
night like that just puke fest and then
like soldiering up and just getting
after a beat and water with us it was
awesome
well we just got skunked with a before
Washington Twilight and many Twilight
visitors welcome Twilight fans look you
fish around but we really catch him it's
all good fun until you get a potato in
your head